feat(building-rollup): refactor and update to rollup v2 (#1500)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/building-rollup/README.md

- Optional separate build for legacy browsers
- Loads polyfills using feature detection
- Generates a service worker
- Minifies JS
- Minifies lit-html templates

## Automatic setup

We recommend the open-wc [project generator](https://open-wc.org/init/) for automated setup, for new projects or to upgrade existing projects.

## Manual setup

Install the required dependencies:

<details>
<summary>View</summary>

```bash
npm i -D rollup @open-wc/building-rollup rimraf deepmerge es-dev-server
```

</details>

Create a `rollup.config.js` file:

<details>
<summary>View</summary>

```js
import merge from 'deepmerge';
// use createSpaConfig to generate an index.html as output, and optionally use an index.html file as input
import { createSpaConfig } from '@open-wc/building-rollup';
// use createBasicConfig to do regular JS to JS bundling
// import { createBasicConfig } from '@open-wc/building-rollup';

const baseConfig = createSpaConfig({
  // set legacyBuild to add an additional build for build legacy,
  // the build for modern browsers stays the same
  // legacyBuild: 'nomodule',
  // development mode creates a non-minified build
  developmentMode: process.env.ROLLUP_WATCH === 'true',

>   // set to true to inject service worker into HTML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // set to true to inject the service worker registration into the index.html
```

const baseConfig = createBasicConfig();

export default merge(baseConfig, {
  input: './index.html',
});
```

</details>

#### Custom HTML template

You can also provide the HTML as a template, as a string or read from a file. See the [html plugin docs](https://github.com/open-wc/open-wc/tree/master/packages/rollup-plugin-html#readme) for all possible options.

<details>
<summary>View example</summary>

```js
import merge from 'deepmerge';
import { createBasicConfig } from '@open-wc/building-rollup';

const baseConfig = createBasicConfig({
  html: {
    template: /* your template goes here */,
  },
});

export default merge(baseConfig, {
  input: './src/app.js',
});
```

</details>

### Non-SPA projects

If you are not building a single page app you can use `createBasicConfig` to set up regular JS to JS bundling.

From there on it's easy to extend further for different use cases. For example, to bundle and generate multiple HTML files you can take a look at the documentation of [@open-wc/rollup-plugin-html](https://github.com/open-wc/open-wc/tree/master/packages/rollup-plugin-html#readme). See below how to add plugins to the rollup config.

## Injecting a service worker

> When you use `createSpaConfig` a service worker is generated automatically. It is not injected into your `index.html` by default to prevent unexpected results. You can turn this on by enabling the `injectServiceWorker` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use `createSpaConfig` a service worker is generated automatically with Workbox. The service worker registration is not injected into your `index.html` by default to prevent unexpected results. You can turn this on by enabling the `injectServiceWorker` option:
```

}
```

> ## Customizations

Reviewer: Maybe we can 'go the extra mile' here and explain that the `createConfig` functions really just return a rollup configuration object that people can still manipulate when they need to add/customize stuff. Maybe it helps remove some of the 'magic'?

EDIT: nvm, you explain this further down below

Our config generator sets you up with good defaults for most projects. It's easy to extend and customize this config further for your requirements.

> If you find yourself disabling a lot of the default functionality we recommend forking from the default config and taking control yourself. Rollup is not that hard to configure, it's better to be in full control if you know what you're doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find yourself disabling a lot of the default functionality we recommend forking from the default config and taking control yourself. Rollup is relatively easy to configure compared to other build tools, it's better to be in full control if you know what you're doing.
```

<details>
<summary>View example</summary>

```javascript
import merge from 'deepmerge';
import { createSpaConfig } from '@open-wc/building-rollup';

const baseConfig = createSpaConfig();

export default merge(baseConfig, {
  // add your own rollup configuration here
  input: './index.html',
  output: {
    sourcemap: false,
  },
  plugins: [
    // add new plugins
    myPlugin(),
  ],
});
```

</details>

If you have enabled the legacy build option, the `output` option is an array. In that case, you cannot use deepmerge if you need to make changes to the `output` option.

<details>
<summary>View example</summary>

```javascript
import merge from 'deepmerge';
import { createSpaConfig } from '@open-wc/building-rollup';

const baseConfig = createSpaConfig({
  legacyBuild: 'nomodule',
});

// set the sourceMap option on both outputs
baseConfig.output[0].sourceMap = true;
baseConfig.output[1].sourceMap = true;

export default merge(baseConfig, {
  input: './index.html',
  plugins: [
    // add new plugins
    myPlugin(),
  ],
});
```

</details>

> #### Support for Typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Support for Commonjs
```
